Use `:format => "plain"` for newline-delimited output (#15)
mrkamel/swift_client: README.md

* `bulk_delete(entries, options = {}) # => entries`
* `post_head(object_name, container_name, _headers = {}, options = {}) # => HTTParty::Response`

> By default, the client instructs the endpoint to return JSON via an HTTP Accept header; to specify another format pass, e.g., `:format => "plain"` in `query` ("xml" is also [supported in the Object Storage API](https://docs.openstack.org/api-ref/object-store/index.html?expanded=show-container-details-and-list-objects-detail#show-container-details-and-list-objects)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the client instructs the endpoint to return JSON via an HTTP Accept header. To specify another format pass, e.g., `:format => "plain"` via the `query` parameter of the `get_*` and `paginate_*` methods. Other formats, like `"xml"` are supported as well. Checkout [Object Storage API](https://docs.openstack.org/api-ref/object-store/index.html?expanded=show-container-details-and-list-objects-detail#show-container-details-and-list-objects) for more details.
```

Reviewer: besides :+1:, but will be a breaking change.

Author: Are you sure about this? A signature for example is,

```ruby
  def get_objects(container_name, query = {}, options = {})
```

(Those methods package `query` into `options for the private `#request`)

How do you feel about the breaking change? I figured it hadn't been "out there" very long but happy to add it back...

Reviewer: true. comment updated. I'm basically ok with the breaking change as the proposed change seems to be the stream-line way to me as well.
